what's going on guys book back to
another episode of let's play come on
shawty y'all pushing the egg so and
we're in the middle of a dragon stand
and this time I'm gonna take on the
other dragon
because it's just a bunch of bulbs and
while we after versa but we do and um
and yeah so pretty much I don't know
they involve weird dragon-type pokémon
but we seen via rocks we have really
overpowered flame at the moment which is
eight highfalutin and I think I'm gonna
re heal now here's the deal here's what
I found out so we're like okay so in
order to get past this whole dragons and
beat their final third guy earlier
you're past the Whirlpool my feel are we
gonna be la what's the matter with that
well actually why er what you have to do
is actually get the mover or hey champ
well pull now I don't know if any guys
picked up on this but apparently you
know I have no idea in the history of
the planet of planet Earth how we
actually got this some what's it called
a UH a Clamperl looks freakin Lance when
we beat Team Rocket apparently gave us a
frickin Clamperl now I'm gonna get rid
of moves because he sucks but um look at
this withdraw Clamperl what the hell
when did we get this I don't understand
all my gosh so apparently gave that to
us and that pokemon knows the move
whirlpool which is gonna get us past the
thing so water that was a totally
surprise to me I have no idea how that
happened
I mean who bought a booth I don't know
how does he give one up no one saw that
I didn't even read that like it was just
mystery so hey you've got any PC hahaha
enjoy like I don't know so I guess it's
good that we didn't have to get a spy in
the frickin hm like we usually do and
then we have to cry in a pants cuz I
don't know any how to do it but on the
air now we have a clamp in our team
which knows I should have gone the other
way what I do that for which I get
alright Magikarp good a friend
whatever pail actually do we have our
pals come on come on Ozzy come on oh
come on now
um but uh yeah so we had a clampdown now
which nose waterfall which is really
retarded because I never thought air we
go fish is whirlpool want to use well
police please and then clamp I'll used
it I it's so weird I know but um I guess
this this game just got a whole lot
better because I don't have to go do
something and um and yeah we can
actually beat the Dragons Den which I'm
gonna look so forward to because after
this arc Annesley elite fall what's up
mother trucker let's engage in a battle
of doing Flygon I love blowing on then
one else thing is he'll fight off anyway
well I know I got a really cool pokémon
really I is to inspire get him in the
Sapphire versions or the Ruby versions
got two thousand four hundred forty yes
you defeated all that's very impressed
as we promised here's your award obtain
the water stone now I think we use the
water stone something if you're a fire
call correctly we wish you good luck in
your journey
thanks man what's up here alright that's
a big stone of doom up here oh hello put
the dragon Fang oh my gosh so Jim let it
clear alright I recognize your true
power this badge is your and receive the
rising badge
yeah well our weather everything for the
we have to throw somewhere got him I'm
here is alright so it's actually filled
water sir this isn't an end well but
we're gonna throw it because we got a
badge this what we do you ready ready
Oh knowing am i watch crap oh no alright
whatever
okay so that was this drawing yeah so if
you knew that channel usually have a
celebration when we get a badge we throw
something rising back to enable pal to
move plumbing waterfalls yeah also honor
we a waterfall good question in to
obtain to m-44 whatever that is dragon
breath graduations don't really have any
dragon pokémon anyway your uncle we got
all the a badges so our destination is
the indigo plateau do you know how to
get there from here go to new bark town
then surf East the route is very tough
but don't lose really go do feel the
worst about having talked to you alright
Rogers so we have to get a new bark town
but we have to get out of this place we
can fly there first
where is a new blog town or the new new
bucket new Bakula kebab kebab garden a
wasted that yes I'm strange so off they
are the new of bark town
where we're going to head east I have no
idea about my sense of direction in
Pokemon nor in real life so good luck
with the heading east business will just
have whatever direction seems like a
logical direction to get to a place that
we have invented for all right so let's
go Pokemon Serb ecolodge no another your
summary we're going to fly to New York
town which is there
ah and I reckon that's the plateau so
alright so it's going to fly down from
there
so I reckon that's brilliant going this
way yep sounds can open up down there if
your cross arm a little should have
bought freaking repels it's going to be
the fun journey this is joys and fun do
we go that way oh you're absolute what's
the deal mm yeah I'm gonna say we do
here we go ready Freddy Freddy Freddy
come on come on Tony elect any other
team oh come on elegance swamp and what
he said
you just saw I can't on taking math and
see oh so we get the map the dutiful is
it between can't enjoy oh really
get it ah hi I know you've gone to the
Pokemon League but I want to go see
there babbling it seems like time since
the dinner wonderful so I almost got
trained since awesome I'd like to battle
me yeah right let's do it let's do it
off in this kazoo you you know right one
shot kill you still suck and I was shall
kill and yeah you still sucker I listen
check if you still suck just a bit of a
temper yep you still suck ah what's this
alright cool so I'm used to I wish you
this luck and ER alright cool so it
looks like we do need water for after
all but I I don't know okay that's a red
candy but I can't get it what alright
just going what do you say on the cave I
guess I don't know waterfall though I'm
a bit worried me to endure all right
let's do it
here we go the judge it falls actually
yeah doesn't all they need we need
waterfall and found the moonstone yeah
we got a moonstone alright guys I think
I'm actually leave the episode here just
because I want to do this episode if
that we knew how to get past the
Dragon's Den and and we're now going to
get waterfall and go to the indigo
plateau nextly I get more next up next
League next episode but Weddington this
one guys click top left right tation but
most of all what he did keep on gaming
see you then guys